Link documentation (#436)
primer/design: content/components/link.mdx

Links navigate you to a new place or new content. **Do not** use links for triggering an action. Instead, use [buttons](/components/button), which are designed to activate a feature.

Links should be concise and not exceed more than a few words.

## Anatomy

The link component can be displayed in default, muted, or blue colors. Links can be underlined, may include a leading visual or trailing visual, and can be either the default or small size. 

<Box
  mb={3}
  display="flex"
  alignItems="flex-start"
  flexDirection={['column', 'column', 'column', 'column', 'row']}
  sx={{gap: 3}}
>
  <img
    width="400"
    role="presentation"
    src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/586552/225489084-4f4357b4-4c47-4a55-8770-76e03b8c500f.png"
    
  />
  <img
    width="369"
    role="presentation"
    src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/586552/225489086-e604fbc8-e449-416e-bd26-cc80408c5d8d.png"
   />
</Box>

## Accessibility

Links play a key part in your experience on the web, but without proper consideration they can be frustrating to use, skipped over, or completely unnoticed.

> For screen reader assistive technology, links and buttons are expected to function differently from each other. If a link is activated and does not do what was expected, that can be disorienting and frustrating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For assistive technologies like screen readers, links and buttons are expected to function differently from each other. If a link is activated and does not do what was expected, that can be disorienting and frustrating.
```

I think this may affect more than just screen readers, so I rephrased this to be slightly more inclusive of other ATs.
